Fix: Incorrect use of partial in `TweedieDistribution._rowwise_gradient_hessian` (#889)
Quantco/glum: CHANGELOG.rst

UNRELEASED
----------

**Bug fix:

> - Fixed a bug where :meth:`~glum.TweedieDistribution._rowwise_gradient_hessian` and :meth:`~glum.TweedieDistribution._eta_mu_deviance` would call functions with wrong arguments in the p = 3 case.
> - Fixed :class:`glum.InverseGaussianDistribution` not using the optimized gradient, hessian and deviance implementations, as well as those gradients and hessians being incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where :meth:`~glum.TweedieDistribution._rowwise_gradient_hessian` and :meth:`~glum.TweedieDistribution._eta_mu_deviance` would call functions with wrong arguments in the ``p = 3`` case.
- Fixed :class:`glum.InverseGaussianDistribution` not using the optimized gradient, Hessian and deviance implementations, as well as those derivatives having the wrong sign.
```
